Add minor improvements to documentation (#2884)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/index.rst

anyone she wants by creating a policy and uploading it to
the PRE Application on the Threshold Network.

2. Alice gets information about the group of ``n`` Ursulas associated

> with the policy, which are nodes on the NuCypher network. Each :term:`Ursula`` provides their encrypting key, and Alice creates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the policy, which are nodes on the Threshold network providing the PRE service. Each :term:`Ursula` provides their encrypting key, and Alice creates
```

``n`` re-encryption key shares (:term:`kFrag`), each of which is encrypted with a different Ursula's encrypting key.
The Ursulas in the group stand ready to re-encrypt data in exchange for payment in fees and token rewards.
The list of Ursulas and their associated encrypted re-encryption key shares are stored in a :term:`Treasure Map`. Alice

> subsequently encrypts the treasure map for Bob. The treasure map provides Bob the requisite information and cryptographic material to successfully request the NuCypher network to re-encrypt the data shared by Alice – such that he can decrypt it with his private key. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subsequently encrypts the treasure map for Bob. The treasure map provides Bob the requisite information and cryptographic material to successfully request the Threshold Network to re-encrypt the data shared by Alice – such that he can decrypt it with his private key. 
```
